hi everybody this is max and channel clash of
clans tivi
in today's video I would like to
tell and show development strategy
who consider the most optimal and
which I stick to myself for the beginning to you
need to define your goals in
the game
although I think most players and not
the same is a farm and a set of cups with
subsequent entry of a good clan in
good plan, we need to do is correct
participate in a cafe and not just
to participate but also to win for this
we need a good
fortified base with reliable girls in
principle
based on my personal experience to
Seventh level town hall and no
special meaning to somehow bother
coming up with a base
put knowledge as you like but with
this with farm resources and with farm
goblets, too, you wear town hall for the wall
in most cases a player with good
deed that attacks you seeing
town hall
behind the wall will take it out and it will not carry
the rest of the base even if there
there will be a large amount of resources
so think check
experiment and now
directly to the development strategy
at first I'll describe it in general
when moving to a new level town hall
and the sequence of knowledge flow
should be something like this first
turn
you shake a lab that will give you
more powerful warriors and faster
development
then come the vault for the gold of the elixir
so as for pumping guns edition you
need more resources which are previous
storage cannot hold
then you pump over protective
constructions then goes wall to
maximum level then go fires
so -called who would
Well, then go already barracks
pump the rest of the building
If you want from three or more
builders then you can basically
pump several buildings at once
at the same time that is, let's say you can
swing two guns or two barracks well or
two bonfire there or any other
combinations it is all to your taste
Well, for example, my base is completely
I recently moved to the seventh level
town hall and that of course gave me
new spaces for development the very first
day i put an extra 50 units
fences pumped them up to level five
also almost immediately I put all the guns
except tessile
I have them so far cooked
at last
but in a few days I will put them
of course I rebuilt the base right away and
stuck one more and rdf as you see it
I am now swinging to the second level
that's it for these builders I will
to download
rdf yes most likely immediately 5 and then
this rdf
as judging by my experience it is in
clan battles at my levels
development levels in the game in general and
seventh level of town hall and often
attack balls
but either by air there dragons flies
balls so well pumped
rdf and vitally important to you as well,
bleed
the lab is already swinging giant in it
4 levels since I will be soon
in remaining here as there almost 4
five days I will go to farm the cup because
i need 4 builder and not enough how
once again about 210 crystals and
getting into the crystal league will give me
those cherished 250 crystals so here
as soon as i get 4 builders i
I'll put it in closely after
pumping strength you I will pumping
remaining guns and most likely on
the seventh tom holly i will linger longer
because I decided to pump more mine
to the maximum level I do not know yes
what they can be there but i rather have them
just pumping oh yeah i completely forgot about
spire factory
I have something that is not worth pumping
but I think that tonight I'm her
put yes completely forgot about her need
I also pump in another repository for
black elixir
I will not save for the king and now
so you are not bored at all
i will show you my farm yesterday
bows
barbarians enough standard farm
resources on the edges of such a semi-neglected
most likely even an abandoned base and
so I put the stuff here a couple
barbarian so they demolished percents
so let go of Pushkin's bows for them
do not reach out and they calmly begin
take out building resources here now
so when I went down
barbarians second wave bows barbarian
distract the attention of defo for now
bows endure resources and so unpretentious
farm resource tactics I almost always
I use and almost always successfully when
this
such an army is built about 20
minutes building is worth the cost of it
is a little less than 20 thousand definitely not
I remember and at the same time it is good
takes out the bases so look further
I went to fill the percentages and now pick up
this elixir ah and this gold
mine
here I have students long have you well on them
shoot mortar and yes of course sad
here he blows and
I release more bows so they already
tortured this mine
I think they do not dunk, I do not remember exactly
Already yes, most likely, it will not soak, but here I am
the whole elixir has removed a little gold here
now rented produce barbarians rather
just the last barbarian from where by
bows come
yes it is here on this mine all the same to
probably finish and yes and in the end a little bit
not enough and now there is an account at the mine
here and a little elixir in the vaults but
at the same time I took the cup took 235 elixir
and almost 200 gold think at the cost of
an army of 20,000 elixir is completely
slightly, well, plus I was looking for a base
probably spent about five minutes about
15 thousand gold but this is also not
Essentially with such a farm, well
if you like the video like
subscribe to the channel subscribe
On my group vkontakte also look
my first video link will be somewhere
at the top well and new meetings